The First Industrial Airplane Show was held in conjunction with what other show at Manhattan’s Grand Central Palace in New York?:  The U.S. International Auto Show.
Mr. Charles W. Chappelle (1872–1941), a member of the U.S. Aeronautical Reserve, was the only what to invent and display an airplane for which he won a medal?:  African-American.
An earthquake of 7.7 moment magnitude strikes near Almaty in Russian Turkestan, killing how many people?:  450 or more.
What fraternity was founded at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana?:  Kappa Alpha Psi.
Eugene B. Ely lands on the deck of the USS Pennsylvania stationed in San Francisco harbor, marking what?:  The first time an aircraft lands on a ship.
The United States and Canada announced the successful negotiation of their what?:  First reciprocal trade agreement.
The Missouri State Capitol building in Jefferson City, Missouri is entirely destroyed by fire after what happened?:  A bolt of lightning struck the dome.
The revolution in Haiti was suppressed after the leader, General Montreuil Guillaume was what?:  Captured by government troops and shot
The Lincoln Memorial Commission is established to find an ideal site for what?:  The proposed Lincoln Memorial.
What Croatian football club is founded?:  HNK Hajduk Split, a.
The first "quasi-official" airmail flight occurs when Fred Wiseman carries three letters between where?:  Petaluma and Santa Rosa, California.
The first official air mail flight, second overall, takes place from Allahabad, India to Naini, India, when Henri Pequet carries what?:  6,500 letters a distance of 13 km.
In March, what is celebrated for the first time?:  International Women's Day.
What factory fire in New York City kills 146 people?:  The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire.
The United States Army adopts a new service pistol, the M1911 designed by whom?:   John Browning. It remains the US service pistol for 74 years.
Who leads his Fourth Symphony premiere in Helsinki?:  Jean Sibelius.
Who  discovers Superconductivity?:  Heike Kamerlingh Onnes.
When did he present his findings?:  On April 28, 1911.
Rebels take what town on the Sonora–Arizona border?:  Agua Prieta.
What uprising takes place in China?:  The Huanghuagang Uprising. 
Pancho Villa launches an attack against government troops in what city without Madero's permission?:  Ciudad Juárez, the government troops surrender on May 10.
Over 300 Chinese residents are massacred by whom?:  The revolutionary forces of Francisco I. Madero in the Mexican city of Torreón.
The very first Indianapolis 500 is won by whom?:  Ray Harroun at an average speed of 74.59 miles per hour.
Where is the hull of the RMS Titanic launched?:  In Belfast.
Francisco Madero arrives in Mexico City just after a what?:  A local earthquake.
George V is crowned what?:  King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions.
In July, the presence of the German warship Panther in the Moroccan port of Agadir triggers what?:  The Agadir Crisis.
Hiram Bingham rediscovers what in Peru?:  Machu Picchu.
Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa is stolen from the Louvre museum in Paris by whom?:   Vincenzo Peruggia.
In September, where does the French Navy ship Liberté explode?:  At anchor in Toulon, France, killing around 300 on both ship and the neighboring area.
Italy declares war on who?:  The Ottoman Empire.
The liberal leader Karl Staaff returns as Prime Minister of what country?:  Sweden.
The Wuchang Uprising starts the Xinhai Revolution that leads to the founding of what?:  The Republic of China.
World's first combat aerial bombing mission takes place in Libya during what war?:  The Italo-Turkish War. Second Lieutenant Giulio Gavotti of Italy drops several small bombs.
In November, the Treaty of Berlin brings the what crisis to a close?:  Agadir Crisis.
Roald Amundsen reaches what?:  The South Pole
Sun Yat-sen is elected the Provisional President of what?:  The Republic of China.
